"What matters most in life are quotes that tell you what life is really about."
"Life! Still a poor substitute for video games!"
"You're only as deep as your most recent inspirational quote"
"The best things in life are actually very expensive"
"Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven because they kicked you out?"
"Mercury is in retrograde in case you need another excuse as to why your life in as disaster"
"You have as many hours in a day as a famous celebrity, but what you don't have is the talent, looks or money"
"If you never believe in anything, then you'll never be disappointed"
"Happiness is just sadness that hasn't happened yet"
"Every tattoo is a temporary tattoo, because we're all slowly dying"
"You only get one body and you've already ruined it"
"Those who doubt you probably has a valid reason"
"Dream. Only to escape the miserable reality of your life"
"Age is just a number, a number that means you're closer to dying"
"Every corpse on Mt. Everest was once an extremely motivated person"
"You can do anything you want! Because we are all on earth for a very short time and nothing we do matters"
"People who say they'll give 110% don't understand how percentages work"
"No matter what you do, someone else does it better. Stop doing things, it makes no difference"
"No matter how bad things get, remember that with your luck, it'll probably get worst"
"It's not just Monday, your whole life sucks"
"You are unique, just like everybody else"
"Every morning scream your dreams into a garbage can, where they belong"
"Happiness is temporary, death is forever"
"Every day is another chance to screw everything up again"
"If you're happy and you know it, no one cares"
"If at first you don't succeed, give up and try something else"
"Today could be the day! Where you come to the devastation and crippling realisation that you just aren't good enough"
"Everyone is against me including me."
"Is the glass half empty or half full? It doesn't matter just drink that shit and stop complaining."
"I'm not trash, i'm recycling. People throw me away and the someone else comes along to use me."
"Never share your problems! 90% don't care. 10% are happy you have them."
"Be yourself, Nobody else wants to."
"If life doesn't break you today, don't worry it will try again tomorrow."
"You hate me? No worries, I hate myself too."
"Just remember that there is a special someone out there with someone else."
"Mirror, Mirror cant you see? What you show is killing me."
"It's called the circle of life because life is pointless."
"I'm not saying that im depressed. im just saying that if tomorrow i don't wake up, I wouldn't complain at all."
"It's a beautiful day to do something you'll regret."
"No one has ever got out of life alive."
"You can't disappoint those who never believed in you."
"Even my imaginary friend left me."
"Thanks for checking in, i'm still a piece of garbage."
"Did you know, that you have a 30% bigger chance of dying in your birthday?"
"A black hole is brighter than my future."
"life is like a box of chocolates. I hate chocolate."
"The light at the end of the tunnel is only your own imagination. This pain is endless."
"You wanna hear all the cool things we did without you?"
"Reality is an illusion caused by a lack of alcohol."
"Never try... Never fail..."
"People think i have an alcohol problem. That's not true. What i have is an alcohol solution."
"Life can suck but you can always make it worse."
"Please don't go outside. People already have a terrible day."
"Person: You look depressed.    Me: Thanks, it's the depression."
