Some bamboo species grow 91cm per day.
Mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas.
Emus and Kangaroos cannot walk backwards.
Cats have over one hundred vocal cords.
Children grow faster in the spring.
You can only fold a single piece of paper in half 7 times.
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime.
There are 1 million ants for every person in the world.
The longest distance flown by one bird was 26,000km, by a common tern.
The woodland frog is the only animal to survive after its been frozen.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo.
Fish cough.
The ostrich can run at up to 72km/h.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
The koala feeds on only six of the 500 species of eucalyptus leaves.
Clinophobia is the fear of going to bed.
The average woman comsumes 1:4 kilograms of lipstick in her lifetime.
Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920.
A largest land mammal is the African elephant, weighing up to 6,350kg.
The howler monkey can be heard clearly up to 4.8km away.
The oldest goldfish lived for 43 years.
No piece of paper can be folded over move the 7 times.
The largest recorded beetroot was 19.39kg.
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows
The world’s largest apple weighed 1.67kg.
Fish can drown
The world’s largest carrot weighed 8.61.kg.
When the moon is directly overhead you weigh slightly less.
The world’s largest flower is the Rafflesia Arnold, at up to 91cm wide.
The world’s largest radish weighed 17.2kg.
The world’s largest squash weighed 435kg.
A one-minute kiss burns 26 calories.
Frowning burns more calories than smiling.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
The tallest living tree is a 112.014m coast redwood.
Even if you eat food standing on your head, it will end up in your stomach.
If all the salt was extracted from the oceans, it could cover the contents five feet deep. (I think we should try this some time)
Mangoes are considered an aphrodisiac in India.
Farmers in Japan can grow watermelons in a square shape.
The lifespan of a human taste bud is 10 days.
A hummingbird’s heart beats 23 times a second.
A blind chameleon still changes colour to match its environment.
A butterfly’s taste sensors are in its feet.
A colony of bees has to fly 177,500km and tap 4 million flowers to make one kilo of honey.
Your eye expands up to 45% when looking at something pleasing.
You have to play table tennis maore than 24 hours to lose one kilogram.
A group of finches is called a Charm.
The worlds biggest pyramid is not in egypt, but in mexico.
A group of goats is called a Trip.
Every hour the body replaces one billion cells.
A group of kangaroos is called a Mob.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star was composed by mozart when he was five years old.
A peregrine falcon dives at a velocity of 350km/h.
A scollop has a total of 35 eyes, all of which are blue.
Cows give more milk when they listen to music.
The “silk” of a spider is stronger than steel threads of the same diameter.
All porcupines float in water.
Alligators cannot move backwards.
Your breathing rate increases when you start to type.
Butterflies were formally known by the name “Flutterby.”
Caterpillars have 4000 muscles. Humans have only about 600.
Male butterflies produce scents that attract females.
Top-performing companies are called “blue-chips” after the costliest chips in casinos.
Flamingoes can only eat with their heads upside down.
Frogs drink and breathe through their skin.
On average, you’ll spend a year of your life looking for misplaced objects.
Cold water weighs less than hot water.
A tune that gets stuck in your head is called an earworm.
A sneeze can travel as fast as 161km/h.
Children grow faster in Spring than the rest of the year.
Every hour the body replaces one billion cells.
A housefly hums in the key of F.
Thomas Edison coined the word “hello” and introduced it as a way to answer the phone.
The average speed of a fly is 7.2km/h
Mosquitoes are attracted to people who eat bananas.
Flamingoes turn pink from eating shrimp.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards.
Ascallop has a total of 35 eyes, all of which are blue.
Broccoli and cauliflower are actually flowers.
The only food that doesn’t spoil is honey.
During a lifetime the average human spends 2 weeks kissing.
Fish have eyelids.
If you keep a goldfish in the dark it will turn white.
Elephants sleep only 2 hours a day.
Termites eat through wood twice as fast when listening to rock music.
A snail breathes through its foot.
Fish Cough (My personal favourit)
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Shrimp can only swim backward.
A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber.
Elephants can swim 32.2km a day.
Elephants can’t jump.
Frogs can’t swallow with their eyes open.
Mosquitoes have 47 teeth.
11% of the people in the world are left handed.
¼ of the bones in your body are in your feet.
You blink over 10 million times a year.
The tongue is the fastest healing part of the human body.
Pigs get sunburn.
Strawberries contain more vitamin C than oranges.
The average raindrop falls at a speed of 11.3 kilometers per hour.
Fish can drown.
A kangaroo can jump 9.14 metres.
Lizards communicate by doing pushups.
The average person uses 567 Litres of water a day for personal use.
The scent of jasmine may assist in a more peaceful sleep.
Australians eat roughly 7,260kg of fruit in a lifetime.
Oysters can change from one gender to another and back again.
Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
Kangaroos can jump nearly 10 metres.
Squid can have eyes the size of a volleyball.
About 18% of animal owners share there beds with there owners.
Blackcurrants are an excellent source of vitamin C.
The world’s largest animal is a blue whale.
The starfish is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out.
The French call the tomato the “apple of love”.
Beavers were once the size of bears.
The largest recorded lemon weighed 3.88kg.
Fruit and vegetables help keep your skin looking great.
Most of the vitamin C in fruit is in the skin.
A Crocodile cannot move its tongue.
Bananas help your brain release endorphins.
An ant can lift 50 times its own weight.
You would weigh less on the top of a mountain than at sea level.
The world’s largest corncob was 92cm.
The world’s tallest cactus measures 19.2m.
Licking a stamp burns 10 calories.
The heaviest living dog is an English mastiff weighing 130kg.
The first VCR was made in 1956 and was the size of a piano.
Smelling bananas and/or apples can help you lose weight.
Jupiter spins so fast that there is a new sunrise nearly every ten hours.
A strawberry has roughly 200 seeds.
The largest cheese ever-made weighed 23,000 kgs.
A blackberry bush is called a bramble.
Try Spring Valley Water with a Twist of fruit juice.
Experience new Spring Valley Apply and Cranberry juice.
Spring Valley juices contain no added preservatives, artificial colours or flavours.
Australians eat roughly 9,070kg of vegetables in a lifetime.
There are seven letters that look the same upside down as right side up.
Spring Valley Juice. Where tast comes naturally.
Snoopy is the most common dog name beginning with the letter S.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
The act of chewing an apple is a more efficient way to stay awake than caffeine.
Grizzly bears run as fast as the average horse.
The name for the space between your eyebrows is nasion.
China only has one time zone.
One brow wrinkle is the result of 200,000 frowns
The legs of bats are too weak to support their weight, so they hang upside down.
A flea can jump 30,000 times without stopping.
The Japanese word for “judo” means “the gentle way”.
No two lip impressions are the same.
Frogs must close their eyes to swallow.
The word “purple” does not rhyme with any other word in the English language.
75% of people wash from top to bottom in the shower.
The last letter to be added to our alphabet was “J”.
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on your tongue.
Frogs must close their eyes to swallow.
Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry.
You exhale at 24 kmph.
“Arachibutlphobia” is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.
Pearls dissolve in vinegar.
Heat, not sunlight ripens tomatoes.
“Way” is the most frequently used noun in the English language.
A queen bee can lay 800-1500 eggs per day.
“Disco” means ” I learn” in Latin.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
A bee can fly at 24km/h.
A colony of bees has to fly up to 177,500 km and tap 4 million flowers to make one kilo of honey.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up at the sky.
A blind chameleon still changes colour to match its environment.
A butterfly’s taste sensors are located below its feet.
A duck has three eyelids.
A group of goats is called a Trip.
Slugs have 4 noses.
Slugs have 4 noses.
A group of owls is called a Parliament.
A group of rhinos is called a Crash.
Slugs have 4 noses.
Bees have 5 eyes.
Every hour the body replaces one billion cells.
Slugs have 4 noses.
Exercise releases endorphons, which make us feel good.
The world’s youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
Your eyes and ears never stop growing.
Men are 6 times more likely to be struck by lighting than women.
An ant’s sense of smell is stronger than a dog’s.
The largest fish is the whale shark, which can be over 15 meters long and weigh 2000 kilograms.
Giraffes can lick their own eyes.
A sheep, duck and rooster were the first passengers in a hot air baloon.
An iguana can stay under water for 28 minutes.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still survives.
The can opener was invented 48 years after the Can was introduced.
Elephants are the only mammals that can’t jump.
A sneeze travels out of your mouth at over 160 km/hr.
The life span of a taste bud is ten days.
A turkey can run at 32.2 kilometers per hour.
Eating breakfast may improve your energy levels.
A single orange seed will grow more than one plant.
Tomatoes are a good sourcee of vitamins A and C.
Dolphins can jump up to 6 metres in the air.
Mangoes contain vitamin A, C, potassium and iron.
The first MTV video was “ Video Killed the Radio Star” by the Bugles.
Dalmations are born without any spots.
The world’s most eaten fruit is the mango.
Hippopotami can stay underrwater for 25 minutes.
Nothing better with lunch than a Spring Valley juice.
The first typewrite was called a “literary piano”
