Embrace The Journey
I’d rather hustle 24/7 than slave 9 to 5.
I’ve learned that making a ‘living’ is not the same thing as ‘making a life’. ― Maya Angelou
It is less about becoming a better person, and more of being better, as a person. ― J.R. Rim
It never gets easier. You just get better.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius
Starve your distractions. Feed your focus.
What you want exists. Don’t settle until you get it.
All things equal, people will do business with, and refer business to, people they know trust and like. – Bob Burg
By making yourself a life-long learner you’ll keep discovering new and exciting things about yourself and others. ― Rachel Robins
Don’t downgrade your dream just to fit your reality. Upgrade your conviction to match your destiny. – Unknown
It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome. – Unknown
Without respect, love is lost. Without caring, love is boring. Without honesty, love is unhappy. Without trust, love is unstable.
Challenges and obstacles are a part of life. They make us stronger and build character. If life were easy it would be boring and you would never grow.
From my very first day as an entrepreneur, I’ve felt the only mission worth pursuing in business is to make people’s lives better. – Richard Branson
We have to recognize that there cannot be relationships unless there is commitment, unless there is loyalty, unless there is love, patience, persistence. ― Cornel West
Who you spend your time with will have a great impact on what kind of life you live. Spend time with the right people. – Joel Osteen
Working hard for something we don’t care about is called stress. Working hard for something we love is called passion. – Unknown
Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do. — Brian Tracy
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going. – Chantal Sutherland
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. – Maya Angelou
It takes twenty years to build a reputation. And five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently. – Warren Buffet
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar
When change happens, you have a choice for how you are going to respond. You can either lose your composure and react impetuously or use the event or situation as a learning opportunity to shift your mindset and respond appropriately. Begin to notice your responses when changes occur and do your best to choose a breakthrough over a breakdown. ― Susan C. Young
Your personal growth is the only thing that matters. You own and write your story; no one else does. Believe in the unique step up the mountain. ― Brittany Burgunder
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. – W. Clement Stone
Failure doesn’t mean it’s over. It means try with more experience.
If you chase anything in life chase the things that get you excited about living. Chase the things that give you hope, happiness and a glimpse of a better life. Chase the things that make you want to be a better person. Chase the things that inspire you to think, create and live joyfully. Chase the things that reinforce in your soul that you can make a difference. Chase the things that make you want to transform your heart from selfish to selfless. When you chase that kind of storm you are chasing rainbows. ― Shannon L. Alder
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary. – Oscar Wilde
Success in life comes when you simply refuse to give up, with goals so strong that obstacles, failure, and loss only act as motivation. – Unknown
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. – M. Scott Peck
Be a student as long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life. – Henry L. Doherty
Find out what you like doing best, and get someone to pay you for doing it. – Katherine Whitehorn
Grind while they sleep. Learn while they party. Live like they dream. – Unknown
Happiness is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like and enjoying it for everything that it is. – Mandy Hale
The best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips. Unknown
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. – Les Brown
Experience is the teacher of all things. – Julius Caesar
If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles. – Wayne Dyer
It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams – Franklin D. Roosevelt
Whatever you are, be a good one. – Abraham Lincoln
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you’d like them to be. Leo Tolstoy
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. – Thomas Carlyle
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you. – Les Brown
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed. – Bob Riley
Know What You Want
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. – Walt Disney
Be with someone who is proud to have you.
Every job is a self portrait of a person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. – Unknown
Look in the mirror. That’s your competition.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
You can’t litter negativity everywhere and then wonder why you’ve got a trashy life. – Unknown
You never lose in business. You either win or learn.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. – Unknown
Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. – Francis of Assisi
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. – Florence Nightingale
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ― Tony Robbins
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. – Mahatma Gandhi
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. – Newt Gingrich
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams – Franklin D. Roosevelt
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. — Stephen Covey
Follow Your Excitement
Don’t be busy. Be productive. – Unknown
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. ― Jim Rohn
Excuses will always be there for you. Opportunity won’t.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but learning to dance in the rain. – Vivian Greene
Love is when the other persons happiness is more important than your own.
The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Peter Drucker
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. ― Roy T. Bennett
You’re going to go through tough times – that’s life. But I say, ‘Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.’ See the positive in negative events. – Joel Osteen
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. – Helen Keller
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily. ― Jack Canfield
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve. ― Napoleon Hill
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. ― Jim Rohn
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. — Aristotle Onassis
It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs. – Jillian Michaels
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. – Pele
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t. – Rikki Rogers
Confidence comes from discipline and training. – Robert Kiyosaki
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair
If the plan doesn’t work, change the plan. But never the goal. – Unknown
It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen. – Scott Belsky
Keep A Positive Mind & Healthy Body
Maturity comes when you stop making excuses and start making changes.
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it. – Jim Rohn
You don’t marry someone you can live with. You marry someone you can’t live without.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. – Denis Waitley
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself. – P. T. Barnum
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. – Zig Ziglar
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. — Vince Lombardi
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. – Charles R. Swindoll
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. – Maya Angelou
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands – your own. – Mark Victor Hansen
Ability: is what you are capable of doing. Motivation: determines what you do. Attitude: determines how well you do it. – Unknown
As an entrepreneur, you never stop learning. – Daymond John
If you can see yourself as an artist, and you can see that your life is your own creation, then why not create the most beautiful story for yourself? ― Miguel Ruiz
Practice Gratitude
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
Success is what comes after your stop making excuses. – Luis Galarza
The best love story is when you fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time.
Your life is a school. Everything that happens is teaching you something. Pay attention.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. – Og Mandino
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. – Dale Carnegie
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. —Jamie Paolinetti
Setting goals is the first step into turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. ― Robert F. Kennedy
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. —Dalai Lama
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out. – Unknown
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, ‘I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along. – Eleanor Roosevelt
No matter how hard times may get, always hold your head up and be strong; show them you’re not as weak as they think you are. – Unknown
Free yourself from your past mistakes, by forgiving yourself for what you have done or went through. Every day is another chance to start over. – Unknown
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
Setting goals is the first step into turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins
Someday, someone might come into your life and love you the way you’ve always wanted.
Success is what happens after you have survived your disappointments.
To do great work is to love what you do. – Unknown
What you think of yourself is much more important than what people think of you.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. – Maya Angelou
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the things you did. – Mark Twain
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. – Norman Vincent Peale
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. — Dalai Lama
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. – Steve Jobs
Be so happy that when others look at you they become happy too. – Unknown
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. – Joshua Marine
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it. – Estee Lauder
You cannot afford to live in potential for the rest of your life; at some point, you have to unleash the potential and make your move. – Eric Thomas
It is never too late to be what you might have been. – George Eliot
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. ― Roy T. Bennett
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. – Joshua Marine
Chase the vision, not the money. The money will end up following you. – Tony Hsieh
Results happen over time, not overnight. Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise. – Unknown
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. – Dr Seuss
There is no greater disability in society than the inability to see a person as more. – Robert M. Hensel
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. – Swati Sharma
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there. – Zig Ziglar
The Secret of Change Is to Focus All of Your Energy, Not on Fighting the Old, But on Building the New – Socrates
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. – Winston Churchill
You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it. – Charles Buxton
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. – Michaelangelo
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. – Mark Twain
Free yourself from your past mistakes, by forgiving yourself for what you have done or went through. Every day is another chance to start over. – Unknown
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. – Nelson Mandela
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. – Nelson Mandela
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission. – Unknown
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. – Tony Robbins
It takes a strong heart to love, but it takes an even stronger heart to continue to love after it’s been hurt.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. ― Paulo Coelho
We are never in lack of money. We lack people with dreams who can die for those dreams. – Jack Ma
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. – Peter T. Mcintyre
I find it sad that too many do not understand themselves, or their potential. They don’t even take the time to get to know their unconsciousness. You can truly learn so much, by simply getting to know the “you” that is behind the reality of yourself. ― Lionel Suggs
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. – Helen Keller
The couples that are meant to be are the ones who go through everything that is meant to tear them apart, and come out even stronger.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. ― Paulo Coelho
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. – Elon Musk
You will never always be motivated. You have to learn to be disciplined. – Unknown
All too often this type of message gets lost in New Age rhetoric but it is actually a powerful tool if you strip away all of the “woowoo” from it and keep it this simple:
All too often, people get lost in their day-to-day activities and then life becomes boring or a drag.
And sometimes the best way to know what you want, is by knowing what you don’t want.
And, it will be your job to fill your body with the right foods that keep you feeling healthy and clean.
Every day, you will have many things to choose from. Choose the one that is the most exciting that you can take action on without expectation of what is to come from it and see where it leads you.
For you to be able to enjoy the journey, you do need a destination in mind so that your desire can pull you in that direction.
If you don’t know what you want, then you don’t know where you are going.
If you don’t take the time to stop and smell the roses, life can seem mundane (even though its not).
If you have not done so already, write down five goals or things you would like to accomplish in the next five years.
If you stay in a state of gratitude and are thankful for each moment, then you will be in a state where you can attract better things in your life.
If you want to live a life filled with joy and passion, fill your mind and body with good things.
It will be your job to surround yourself with positive energy and people.
It’s along this journey that you discover more of who you are.
It’s during the process that you learn and grow as a person.
Life is a long journey and all too often people get caught up in trying to attain something or get somewhere that they forget that the goal is the journey.
Life is filled with lots of negativity.
Life is going to be filled with many ups and downs so the best thing to do is buckle up and enjoy the ride.
Never discount learning experiences where you discover that you don’t like something. There is great value in this experience because now you know what you don’t want.
No matter where you are at in life right now, no matter where you are going, the whole point of the “end result” is the journey itself.
Remain in a state of gratitude and you will attract that in your life.
So follow your passion and excitement and see where it leads you.
The best way to figure out what you do want in life is by following your passion and excitement.
Their are no boring situations, just bored minds.
When you can no longer take it any further, move on to the next exciting thing.
You are an antennae that is broadcasting and receiving energy.
Your excitement is like a compass needle pointing you in a specific direction that says, “Go this way.”
Your mind and a body is a vessel: what you put in is what you get out.